##CHRISTIAN MENDEZ 

##500 Joyce Way 

##McKinney TX 75069 

##Phone: (214) 705-4853 

##Email: mendezchristian@live.com 

  

 

#QUALIFICATIONS 

Certified Cardiographic Technician (CCT), CompTIA A + Certification 

 

#EDUCATION 

2012-2015 Collin County Community College/Certified Cardiographic Technician 

2000-2004 Farmersville High School  

 

 

 #EMPLOYMENT 

2021-Present Clinical Coach, iRhythm Technologies 

Analyzed, processed, and interpreted cardiac rhythms. 

Answered interpretation and strategy tickets efficiently and courteously. 

Trained and developed technicians to higher competencies. 

Facilitated adoption of new processes and system updates. 

Effectively implemented and communicated workflow procedures 

 

 

#2016- 2021 Clinical Quality Specialist, iRhythm Technologies 

 

Performed quality assurance before the final report was provided to the physician. 

Used ECG interpretation skills to help other technicians work scans efficiently. 

Analyzed, processed, and interpreted cardiac rhythms. 

Occasionally led team huddles to drive performance. 

Reviewed reports to provide quality improvement feedback to technicians. 

Helped technicians with strategy questions on specific reports. 

 

#2014 – 2016 Telemetry Technician, Spectocor LLC 

 

Analyzed, processed and interpreted cardiac rhythms. 

Informed immediate supervisor about urgent arrhythmias. 

Answered inbound calls from patients and medical facilities. 

Provided customer service to patients with equipment difficulties. 

Processed arrhythmias according to specific criteria set by physicians. 

 

#2013-2014 Telemetry Technician, The Medical Center of Plano 

 

Interpreted rhythms and promptly notified the nursing staff of any significant findings or changes. 

Provided continual observation and documentation of electrocardiographic patterns of monitored patients. 

Performed clerical and receptionist duties. 

Identified and corrected rhythms for wandering baseline, interference, and artifact 

Edited and forwarded results to the attending physician for analysis. 

  

#2006-2013 General Manager, Panda Express Inc. 

  

Provided operations expertise and supervised day-to-day performance of staff. 

In charge of hiring and onboarding staff. 

Assigned task and monitored daily operations according to established guidelines, procedures, and policies. 

Trained employees in the procedures necessary for daily operations according to Company training guidelines. 

Interpreted Profits and Loss reports to find areas of improvement. 

Followed established practices and procedures to resolve routine problems. 

Interpreted and executed policies and procedures that typically affected the unit managed. 

Responsible for achieving the unit’s sales and profit goals. 

 
